dfu_target SUIT cache implementation and unit tests. (#17281)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/dfu/dfu_target.rst

Once the modem firmware has been downloaded, the application should use :ref:`lib_fmfu_fdev` to write the firmware to the modem.
The DFU target library does not perform the upgrade and calling the :c:func:`dfu_target_schedule_update` function has no effect.

.. _lib_dfu_target_suit_style_update:

SUIT-style upgrades
-------------------

SUIT-style firmware upgrades can be used for updates to the SUIT envelope and cache images.
Depending on the image number, this type of DFU writes the data provided to the :c:func:`dfu_target_write` function into the following partitions:

* Image 0: `dfu_partition`

> * Image 1: Reserved by SUIT to store the firmware included in the SUIT envelope.

Reviewer: Is this true?
Images inside envelope are inside envelope, the dfu_cache_0 partition starts after the envelope and simple allows to reuse the unused part of the DFU partition.
I think it would be easier to point here to the dfu_cache_0 definition than clam that it is reserved.

The buffer size must be at least the size of the largest chunk that will be downloaded at a single time.
The buffer will be used for processing all images, so there is no need to allocate a new buffer for each image.

You can upgrade your device in several ways:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Single image

      Upgrade the device using the SUIT envelope that contains the manifests and firmware.

      The SUIT manifests and firmware will be stored in the `dfu_partition` partition.
      After that, the `dfu_cache_partition_0` partition will be created automatically just after the `dfu_partition` partition and will contain the firmware.

   .. tab:: Cache processing

      Upgrade the device using the SUIT envelope that contains the manifests only, while the firmware is stored in the cache images.

      The :kconfig:option:`DFU_TARGET_SUIT_CACHE_PROCESSING` Kconfig option must be enabled.
      The SUIT manifests will be stored in the `dfu_partition` partition.
      The firmware will be stored in the `dfu_cache_partition_1` partition.

>       The `dfu_cache_partition_0` partition is reserved by SUIT and should not be used in this case.

Reviewer: Is there anything preventing us from using it?

Author: Actually no, but this is a case for multi-image. I will remove this line.

Once the modem firmware has been downloaded, the application should use :ref:`lib_fmfu_fdev` to write the firmware to the modem.
The DFU target library does not perform the upgrade and calling the :c:func:`dfu_target_schedule_update` function has no effect.

.. _lib_dfu_target_suit_style_update:

SUIT-style upgrades
-------------------

SUIT-style firmware upgrades can be used for :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_suit_dfu`.

> Depending on the image number and used SUIT system configuration, this type of DFU writes the data provided to the :c:func:`dfu_target_write` function into the following partitions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the image number and the used SUIT system configuration, this type of DFU writes the data provided to the :c:func:`dfu_target_write` function into the following partitions:
```

> * Image 0: `dfu_partition`
> * Image 1: `dfu_cache_partition_0` which is always located just after the `dfu_partition` partition.
> * Image 2..n: `dfu_cache_partition_n` which can be placed in internal or external memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Image 0: ``dfu_partition``
* Image 1: ``dfu_cache_partition_0`` - always located just after the `dfu_partition` partition.
* Image 2..n: ``dfu_cache_partition_n`` - located in internal or external memory.
```

Before calling the :c:func:`dfu_target_init` and :c:func:`dfu_target_write` functions, the application must call the :c:func:`dfu_target_suit_set_buf` function to allocate the buffer used during the firmware update process.
The buffer size must be at least the size of the largest chunk that will be downloaded at a single time.
The buffer will be used for processing all images, so there is no need to allocate a new buffer for each image.

You can upgrade your device in several ways depending on your SUIT system configuration:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: SUIT single image processing

      SUIT minimal processing is used for devices that do not have a cache partition.
      To enable it set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUIT_DFU_CANDIDATE_PROCESSING_MINIMAL` Kconfig option to ``y``.

>       In this approach, the SUIT envelope contains the manifests and firmware image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      In this approach, the SUIT envelope contains the manifests and the firmware image.
```

>       The SUIT envelope is stored in the `dfu_partition` partition.
>       After that, the `dfu_cache_partition_0` partition will be created automatically just after the `dfu_partition` partition and will contain the firmware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The SUIT envelope is stored in the ``dfu_partition`` partition.
      After that, the ``dfu_cache_partition_0`` partition will be created automatically just after the ``dfu_partition`` partition and will contain the firmware.
```

   .. tab:: SUIT cache processing

>       SUIT cache processing requires one of the following SUIT system configurations set to ``y``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The SUIT cache processing requires one of the following SUIT system configurations set to ``y``:
```

      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUIT_DFU_CANDIDATE_PROCESSING_FULL`
      * :kconfig:option:`SUIT_DFU_CANDIDATE_PROCESSING_PUSH_TO_CACHE`

>       Thanks to that the DFU target SUIT library can process the SUIT envelope and cache images.
>       In this approach, the SUIT envelope contains the manifests only, while the firmware is stored in the cache images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      With one of these options set, the DFU target SUIT library can process the SUIT envelope and cache images.
      In this approach, the SUIT envelope contains the manifests only, while the firmware is stored in the cache images.
```

      You can disable cache processing by setting the :kconfig:option:`DFU_TARGET_SUIT_CACHE_PROCESSING` Kconfig option to ``n``.

>       The SUIT manifests will be stored in the `dfu_partition` partition.
>       The firmware will be stored in the `dfu_cache_partition_1` partition.
>       This approach can be used for devices that has defined the `dfu_cache_partition_1` partition in the external flash memory.
>       The :ref:`lib_dfu_multi_image_suit_multi_image_package` uses this approach for multi-image updates.
> 
>       To read more about SUIT cache processing see the :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_suit_external_memory` guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      When this approach is used, the SUIT manifests will be stored in the ``dfu_partition`` partition.
      The firmware will be stored in the ``dfu_cache_partition_1`` partition.
      This approach can be used for devices that have defined the ``dfu_cache_partition_1`` partition in the external flash memory.
      The :ref:`lib_dfu_multi_image_suit_multi_image_package` uses this approach for multi-image updates.

      To read more about SUIT cache processing, see the :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_suit_external_memory` guide.
```

> The application should call the :c:func:`dfu_target_init` function for image 0 first and then download the SUIT envelope.
> When the single image data transfer is completed, the application using the DFU target library must call the :c:func:`dfu_target_done` function for each subsequent image.
> After that, the application can call the :c:func:`dfu_target_init` function for another image index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure the application calls the :c:func:`dfu_target_init` function for image 0 first and then downloads the SUIT envelope.
When the single image data transfer is completed, the application using the DFU target library must call the :c:func:`dfu_target_done` function for each subsequent image.
After that, the application can call the :c:func:`dfu_target_init` function for another image index.
```

When all image data transfers are completed, the application using the DFU target library must do the following:

1. Call the :c:func:`dfu_target_schedule_update` function to inform SUIT that the manifests can be processed.

> 2. Reboot the device manually, or call :c:func:`dfu_target_suit_reboot` to automatically reboot the device with a defined delay.
>    You can set the delay before rebooting the device by configuring the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_SUIT_REBOOT_DELAY` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Automatically reboot the device by calling :c:func:`dfu_target_suit_reboot` with a defined delay.
   You can set the delay before rebooting the device by configuring the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_SUIT_REBOOT_DELAY` Kconfig option.
   Alternatively, you can skip this step and reboot the device manually.
```
